the two blue lines in this figure appear
to be curved when I remove the diagonal
lines inside it's obvious to see they're
parallel once the lines are drawn back
in they appear to be curved once again
the red lines appear to be curved and
wavy but removing alternate sets of
rectangles the lines are all parallel
and straight the diagonal lines appear
to be slanted with some parts of them
appearing closer to the others but
removing the smaller lines the diagonal
lines are all straight and parallel to
each other the rectangles at the top
appear to be rising towards the center
and the rectangles at the bottom seem to
be falling towards the center the effect
even remains after drawing horizontal
lines but the rectangles on each of the
lines are all horizontally aligned as
you can see when I remove the rectangles
this shape appears to be a spiral going
towards the center but it's actually
made up of concentric circles where each
circle has small rectangles the shape
starts with one big circle made out of
rectangles we make a copy of that inside
and we copy the figure again and very
quickly it appears to be a spiral all of
these figures appear to be trapezoids
and the two figures at the bottom appear
to be slanted so it's falling towards
the right when I remove the lines inside
it reveals that these are all rectangles
and all the line edges of the figures
are straight the figure inside the
circles appears to be a star shaped
diamond but removing the circles it's
easy to see this is a square diamond and
all of its edges are straight
the line behind the cylinder appears to
jump but removing the cylinder we see
that the line was actually connected the
whole time I hope you liked this video
please subscribe to my channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
catch me on my blog find your decisions
or on Twitter at presh tall Walker